Grandmother lived at one end of Singapore while we lived at the other end. As such, the distance prevented my family and me from visiting her often. Therefore when my parents decided to leave us at Grandmother's house one day, while they did their errands, we were very excited. We looked forward to spending the day with her. Once we entered Grandmother's house, we saw a wall filled with pictures of her travels. She often travelled widely with Grandfather when he was still alive. As they both loved travelling, they travelled overseas at least three times a year. They visited popular destinations like Hong Kong and Japan as well as exotic places like the Caribbean. They had also visited snow covered mountains in Switzerland and the kangaroos in Australia. After we had settled down in Grandmother's house, she made us a cup of hot chocolate each and began telling us many stories about her life. We had been waiting expectantly for this moment. Grandmother often told her stories with such fervour that we always felt as though we were experiencing the event ourselves. Grandmother's stories ranged from the mundane like what she ate for meals to what she went through during the Japanese Occupation. She was very animated in her story telling, her hand gesticulating wildly, almost knocking over the glasses of water. The most amazing trait about my grandmother was her ability to look at the bright side of things. Her optimism showed in the way she told her stories. Never once did she stop smiling and she always told us that there was a lesson to learn for everything that happened. Even when she mentioned how her younger brother was captured by the Japanese, she never stop smiling, telling us of how the whole family was so closely knit that they pulled together under the adversity and eventually managed to think of a way to help her younger brother. We were so engrossed in Grandmother's stories that we were surprised when our parents rang the doorbell, Time had really flown past. We said goodbye to Grandmother and promised to visit her again soon. Our parents promised to take us and Grandmother on a picnic the following week. We were looking forward to the day.



