Ring!!! The alarm clock rang. John hit the snooze button and continued to sleep. He was feeling very tired. Fifteen minutes later, the alarm clock rang again. He awoke with a start. He rubbed his bleary eyes and looked at the clock. It was already 6.45 a.m.
He jumped out of bed and hurriedly changed into his school uniform. He had been late for the past two days and on both days, he was caught by his form teacher. If he was caught again, he was going to be in trouble. As he changed into his school uniform, he regretted playing the new computer game till the wee hours of the morning.
He dashed out of the house and when he reached the bus stop, he noticed that the bus had left. It meant that he had to wait another ten minutes! John was getting worried. He knew the punishment would be severe and the thought of having his recess taken away was terrible.
Finally, the next bus came. He flagged for the bus and boarded the bus, hoping that the bus driver would drive more quickly. In the end, the entire journey took almost twenty minutes as the morning traffic was very heavy.
When the bus pulled up into the bus stop, he ran down and all the way to the school gate. He ran three storeys up the school building to where his classroom was. He stood outside the classroom and peered in. It was his Mother Tongue teacher, Mr Wong.
He greeted Mr Wong and apologised for being late. He lied that the bus had broken down and he needed to wait for a new one. Mr Wong then asked him to sit down. He heaved a sigh of relief. Just as he thought everything would be fine, his form teacher came to the class.
"I did not see you in the morning during assembly," Miss Lim said. John looked down and his face flushed in embarrassment. Miss Lim ordered him to follow her to the staff room .
Over there, he was given a lecture on the importance of being punctual. John knew he had to change or else he would never get out of trouble. He promised Miss Lim that he would try and asked her to give him one more chance.